= Redmine Plugin Support

This library is a collection of rake tasks and other scripts that will make Redmine plugin development easier.  To use it, just configure it in your plugin's Rakefile:

    require 'redmine_plugin_support'
    
    RedminePluginSupport::Base.setup do |plugin|
      plugin.project_name = 'my_plugin_name'
      plugin.default_task = [:spec]
      plugin.tasks = [:doc, :release, :clean, :spec]
    end

== Configuration options

* project_name - name of your Redmine plugin.  Make sure it matches your name in the init.rb
* tasks - list of Rake tasks to use.   Valid options are:
  * :doc - rdoc tasks
  * :spec
  * :cucumber
  * :release - packaging tasks
  * :clean
  * :test - Test::Unit tasks
* plugin_root - the location of your plugin.  Default: '.' which will work fine if you're requiring this gem from a Rakefile.
* redmine_root - the location of your Redmine root.  Default: the system's REDMINE_ROOT environment or three directories down from your plugin
* default_task

== Bugs and Feature requests

Bug reports and feature requests are welcome at https://projects.littlestreamsoftware.com/projects/plugin-support-gem.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  * (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Eric Davis. See LICENSE for details.
